so Mandy the last time you were here you
were talking about climbing Mount
Everest yes and I advised against it he
said I'm happy to report I did not climb
Everest because that is like a two month
excursion but I did Trek into Everest
base camp okay so I did about a quarter
of the trip how far it's quarter way up
basically um it's seventeen thousand six
hundred feet that's pretty high
twenty-nine thousand something feet so
it's you still have a ways to go once
you get to base gap so you went 1/4 the
way up and then went down and then I
went down did you feel triumphant when I
got a quarter of the way up that was our
that was our goal goal was to just do
the the trek there at the base camp trek
I like that a nice week reasonable goal
yeah oh it takes a week takes a week yes
you slowly sort of weave your way
through the Khumbu Valley and Nepal and
you stay at these tea houses along the
way I climbed Mount Kilimanjaro about a
year and a half ago and you tend to stay
in tents along the way up to the summit
but with every space camp
I guess for environmental reasons you
stay at these tea houses which are
essentially like people's homes really
um and little like quasi
bed-and-breakfast it's very charming oh
so when they serve your meals and they
have like that well it's kind of rustic
you sleep in your sleeping bag but
you're sleeping on a on a bed uh they do
they have yak milk teeth yak milk
yak milk tea which I became obsessed
with and wanted to like open a yak farm
when I got home I'm like I'm obsessed
with yak milk really are you sure you
weren't just starving or so
in eating nothing but Clif Bar drop yes
whoa yak milk it's good Oh delicious why
is it better than cow milk
I chose milk hurts my stomach but yaks
milk was fine oh I don't know maybe you
get a yak at the house maybe yeah do you
have space for yeah in the yard so this
is when you got to I won't say the top
but when you got to base camp
absolutely you're full yak milk in this
photo belly full yak which one is you in
this photo your husband didn't come on
this trip mom I'm gonna have to go back
and do it again all over with does he
want to do it again I think he would if
he's so lovely to indulge me in these
hiking trips he had no idea what he was
marrying into yeah well he stayed home
for this one if you do go back with him
the whole way up you'd be like oh yeah
we saw this last time I know yeah like
we do go anywhere with someone when it's
their second time you can go like your
fifth time but the second time is no
good at all how long has it been since
you recorded an album it's been 10 years
since I've released music and now you
are you currently recording or have you
finished recording I am nearly done with
a record and I released two singles
already two singles already used to be
you finished the record and then you
release the singles I know how many
singles that would be on the record
they're all be probably 10 songs on the
record songs yes CDs were the thing
about nine years ago right ten years ago
you you had a compact disc I don't even
have one in my car anymore I don't know
how you play a CD so yeah that's it the
music landscape has changed
exponentially since I've last released
music and since I started I mean it's a
completely different world your husband
is a part of the band Dawes is he
working with you on this record we did
the whole record together he's playing
all on the album we're gonna go on tour
together it's pretty cute was that the
excuse that he
is that the excuse he used for not being
able to come up on the mountain trip I'm
working on your record man I want this
to be perfect I have a photograph and
you posted this on Instagram recently
that was this is from when 1998 mm-hmm
it was my high school freshman
homecoming dance I don't know who told
the hair stylist who did my hair it was
a good idea to curl those was like it's
like a like a bighorn sheep that became
depressed or something it was that like
a style at the time I believe it was and
you can even see the little hairs here
are crisscross too like
happening 498 this is problematic when
you're eating or whatever it seems like
it might be I think it was it was yeah I
think I took them behind my ears at some
point in the evening well and now after
this did you start making music
professionally six months after six
months after that yeah just a baby it's
a little baby I know I've been doing
this for 20 years now I feel like an old
woman yeah must be the yak milk that's
really great about it slower to fight me
yes you toured at that time with the
Backstreet Boys and NSYNC that must have
been a wild experience as well
everything I went from watching those
guys on TRL to like six months later
opening up for them it was completely
but did you love them what did which
band did you really love of the two
Backstreet Boys Backstreet Boys
and who in the band was your guy because
I know like that every I mean I sort of
oscillated between Nick Carter and AJ
like you know it was like when I wanted
the bad-boy rocker obviously AJ was my
dude uh-huh but then when I wanted to
like sensitive floppy haired you know
cute one it was neck and in a way
they've reversed roles pretty crazy all
right well we're gonna take a break we
come back we'll see a clip from your new
movie it's called Midway it opens in
theaters Friday Mandy Moore is here
we'll be right back well how long have
you been married long enough to know my
husband's talents why isn't it
commanding a squadron I don't make those
decisions to my country yes I understand
before the war when it was about
politics but now I told you she was a
firecracker I have to say I often
wondered what kind of woman would marry
dick best you have not disappointed that
is Mandalorian Midway this is movie
opens with Pearl Harbor the attack on
Pearl Harbor and ends with the Battle of
Midway yes and where did you shoot the
movie we shot the movie in Hawaii the
whole thing in Hawaii yeah well most of
the movie I only sadly was on the movie
for about five days I was in the middle
of shooting last season if this is us oh
I'm a very
to be a part of this this incredible
film was an incredible ensemble but yes
most of the movie was shot in Hawaii how
how old are you on this is us now like
what at what age are we at right now
last season
I played 16 to 85 not even joking I wish
I was this year we focused a lot more on
present days so far this season
I play a 70 year old is that or is it
it's less time in the makeup chair but I
love it it means I get to work with my
adult children with sterling and Chrissy
and justice and I love that is nice yes
you are friendly with mayor Pete Budaj
yeah how did that happen how did you
become with them and how long has this
been going on I am a massive fan and
supporter of people to judge he's my boy
I I went to a campaign event before he
actually announced when he was still
sort of doing his exploratory committee
earlier this year met him and I happen
to be chaste and his husband and loves
what his I don't pay attention this is a
shopton and chasten and i sort of slid
into each other's dm's and became
friends I see and any time he comes to
Los Angeles we try to make time for each
other and he's wonderful and I've like
ubered him around in my car and like his
his chaperone when he's in town so your
point of entry was through chastened yes
yes that's interesting yeah because I
was wondering how how does it go like
like hey yeah here's my phone number no
no no no not with a candidate yeah
they're quite busy but the spouse
absolutely has slightly more time
although their lives have changed
exponentially at this point - are you
like super interested in the election
and all this stuff that's going on yeah
yes it's top of mind I think it's
essential we all have incredible
responsibilities coming up in the next
year so it's yeah it's something I think
about all the time do you is it one of
those things where because sometimes
when I sit down to dinner I try to just
wonder how many minutes will elapse
before someone says the word Trump yeah
yeah tricky these days and it's nice
when it doesn't happen
Wow but it that never doesn't happen it
always seems to happen indeed yeah mayor
Pete's your guy mayor Pete's my guy yeah
I think he really has a reasonable any
chance of winning I do you do yes I
think you look at the Iowa polls things
just keep swinging in the right
direction you know I'm I'm so impressed
with him I think he's overwhelmingly
qualified I I think he's brilliant
and I love his message of unity I think
it's something that we don't have enough
up in the world right now is it is there
any chance that it should mayor Pete go
on to win is there any chance you will
get an ambassadorship or something like
that or be put in charge of something
I'm pretty happy with my day job okay
as long as I can get invited to the
inauguration that's all I want okay all
right I'm sure I have a feeling that
that would happen well it's great to
have be here maybe more everybody Midway
is it thanks for watching if you like
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings